More tips on MFA with e.g. NX (#388)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/access/mfa_guide.rst

If the agent is not running, you will get a
``Could not open a connection to your authentication agent.`` message. In this
case you can start an instance of the agent with::

    eval $(ssh-agent)

.. note::
   If you start your agent in this way, it is only accessible within the context of your 
   current shell. If you want to connect with NoMachine NX, you should also start your 

>    NoMachine client from within this shell. Otherwise it will not be able to access the MFA

Reviewer: would be good to give some hint on what command/program to look for:
```suggestion
   NoMachine client from within this shell via the ``nxplayer`` command. Otherwise it will not be able to access the MFA
```

>    certificate stored in your agent.

Reviewer: The rest of the page just uses the term 'certificate', not 'MFA certificate'. So to avoid potential confusion I think it'd be best to also just write 'certificate' here and in the other changes in this PR.

The indentation is not strictly necessary, but is recommended for readability.

If you now connect to the cluster using your standard ``ssh`` command, the
certificate will automatically be stored for as long as your agent lives. 

If you want to use apps that use ``ssh`` in the background (NX, FileZilla), you 

> should also first inject an mfa certificate in your agent before trying to connect.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as Maxime above, you could probably drop the 'mfa' in 'mfa certificate' here

> This can be done via a direct ssh to the firewall page with agentforwarding enabled::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by connecting to the VSC firewall page with agent forwarding::
```
(a term like "direct ssh" may make people whether there is something special about it)
